# MatchingBenchmarking
A program that determines which matching algorithm or neural network best fits the needs for the Clew app.

## Getting Started
### Dependencies
* opencv-python
* numpy
* scipy
* pandas
* matplotlib
* torch
* pickle
* protobuf
* progressbar

### File Structure
#### Main files
* `main.py`: The main file that runs the program.
* `FirebaseWrapper.py`: Contains the FirebaseWrapper class that handles downloading data from Firebase Storage and extracting session data from it.\
It runs these scripts before collecting the session data:
    * `sync_firebase_storage.sh`: A bash script that syncs the Firebase Storage bucket with a local directory.
    * `untar.sh`: A bash script that untars all the tar files into correctly nested directories.
* `SessionGenerator.py`: Takes the session data generated by `FirebaseWrapper.py` and creates a pickle file containing all the sessions.
* `Benchmarker.py`: Contains the Benchmarker class that runs the matching algorithms and neural networks on different sessions.
#### Helper files
* `MatchingAlgorithms.py`: Contains OpenCV image matching algorithms and SuperGlue abstracted into classes to streamline the benchmarking process.
* `UniMatch.py`: Standardizes datatype for matched keypoints to be used in the image matching algorithms.
* `benchmarkers/`: Contains different types of `Benchmarkers` to run in the `main.py` file.
* `mesh_pb2.py`: Contains the protobuf class for unpacking the LiDAR data.

### Refer to `demo.ipynb` for a demo of the benchmarkers.

